Add note about publishable repositories to publish (#6641)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/cli.md

It can also build the package if you pass it the `--build` option.

{{% note %}}

> See the [Publishable Repositories]({{< relref "repositories/#publishable-repositories" >}}) page for more information publishing repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Publishable Repositories]({{< relref "repositories/#publishable-repositories" >}}) for more information on how to configure and use publishable repositories.
```
